I was trolling around the free market
yesterday and my I contest a Casio risk
control remote watch all you should be
able to switch up channels with it and
stuff my god so I thought it was quite
interesting so I asked the guy how much
you want for it and he said said to me
bluntly a 100 bucks for it so I make
sure I took the watch to check it out to
make sure all the buttons are missing
all the screws are there and just take a
quick look everything's alright and I
just said to him ah I'll give you 10
bucks for it so he just stood there for
couple seconds and says sad to me
alright give me the money
so I took it on this watch and here you
go
you have it and naturally first thing ah
you all wanted to know I want to know
does the remote control works also I
will um I checked it I answer - actually
- code for the TV I didn't do the
earning function and it worked
beautifully
I got two TVs one I couldn't or I didn't
bother enough to find the right code and
one worked on first rate of the bat from
the first time I touch it and although
rolling the footage right now it's
really crappy footage and I didn't had
any lighting and help so it's more
harder to film test then I thought
dissipated will be so here's the footage
right now Gordon - vision is watching LG
on Sirius is to send a signal ship
Romania Villa if it has no local news a
comedian wait sir no Panaji Cheney is
Muslim do become a best leisurely he
doesn't achieve caste yes most of it
satanic now
hm he was velocity samples so I was so
excited that does risk control remote
controller works so I couldn't be more
happier with this watch right now it's
about 10 bucks well spanner I'm gonna
play around with this and try to mess
with people and I just wanna show you I
oh I know how to turn the volume up and
down for the programs I just pushed
buttons I need to still need to figure
out which buttons pushed programs up and
down here you can have a switch and
basically that's it here you can switch
within TV and video or this ER or DVD as
well and that's it uh manual
instructions for the watch I will put a
direct link in the description box for
any casual watch you have and you don't
know how to use it because most of they
are pretty complicated from G shocks to
any you will find squared numbers in a
willows print number and that's module
number and here it's 1170 fourth and you
go to Casio calm find manuals they will
ask you to enter the module number and
you enter 1174 and you can get a PDF for
any watch you got on so just need to
find a module number in your watch in a
circled part here and that's it here you
have an easy ir stuff and it's really
cool watch off
so cooler than I anticipated because I
wasn't really expecting that remote
control over it but here we go
you saw it again I said it was hard to
me too I was unprepared I had no no one
here to help me I had poor washing and
it's harder than I anticipated to make
up footage um remoting despot works and
I'm happy with that so that was my
review of a wrist remote controller arm
cut condition suppose I can show you
calculator so um you enter here in a
mock calculator mode see and just
calculate stuff and blah blah blah but I
don't like math so anyways that's it and
she's gonna give you a quick question
has a generous twist present so here it
is on my wrist I don't have to beg or
too fat wrist but it's not too small as
out with some 18 and 1/2 centimeters and
it works really it's not small watch it
maybe some important some guys said with
this watches discontinued so I'm gonna
play around it and definitely deserve
some rest time and goofing around with
it and eventually I will probably get
rid of it but for now I'm just gonna
enjoy this and I'm go
I'm going out to mess with other
people's TVs
I'm EDC gunner thank you for watching
and once again I'm telling you always
when you have time check out what's
happening what's going on three markets
because you never know what you can find
ears Cheers